jared polin froknowsphoto.com and it's
time for the photo of the month this is
the second month that we're doing it and
the first month went very well and
before I jump into showing you who won
the photo of the month I want to thank
all of you guys who participated and the
over 14,000 votes that came in for the
top 23 and I just want to go over how we
are doing this how we are going to go
with the photo of the month I think it
works much better you guys get to pick
the top 5 you whittle it down from a lot
more pictures than before so you get to
determine if the person followed the
theme if they need to follow the theme
or you just want to pick really cool
images there will be a theme for
februari it's going to be loved what do
you love something you love things you
love do whatever you want involving love
it can be sad it can be happy it could
be whatever you associate love with so
you don't have to follow the theme but
the theme is for people out there who
would like to try to follow it and come
up with your ideas for love so you can
post your images from februari first to
februari was it 14th that I picked hold
on to februari 14th yep so we're picking
the Thursday the 14th is the last day
you can upload your images you have two
weeks the images have to be taken from
februari first to the februari 14th
anywhere in between you can use any
image that you take even if you don't
follow the theme if you follow the theme
you can upload up to five images I
believe in to the fro forum during on
the photo post in the post that you'll
see on the website here you can see the
the link that takes you to the forum
you'll get all the rules for how you can
upload your images it's really easy to
do through flickr so you get to upload
them up until the 14th after the 14th
we'll go another week where I will
Whittle them down to of maybe 20 30
pictures however many cool ones there
are and you guys get to vote on the top
five and then what you will end up
seeing is something like this the top 5
end up
voted on there were seventeen hundred
and forty two votes and the winner was
pilling photo right here with this round
nation a row of a row mr. squirrel whoo
anyway I'll get back to critiques I
think some of you guys like that so in
February I think I'll do a whole video
on the critique photos that maybe didn't
make it or did make it or something like
that so 471 votes was the winning vote
was peeling photo congratulations I'm
going to get you some cool stuff whether
I get you a vanguard tripod I don't know
I know it's going to be at least a black
rapid strap maybe some Adorama pics
photo books it's going to be pretty good
and somebody who voted down here is
going to win a black rapid strap as well
so the new theme is going to be loved
and the contest the winner this month is
going to win a drobo I'm not sure if
it's going to be a drobo mini which I
can't wait to get myself or the drobo 5d
but for those of you who don't know what
the drobo is is an amazing storage
device that I use it it it backs up your
files say you have four drives or five
drives in it you can it will make copies
and spread them out through all of them
if one drive fails well your files are
still safe even I have it set that if
two drives fail then the three others
have all of the information on there so
it's a really cool thing check out drobo
calm if you haven't seen them before but
i want to thank them for putting up the
prize for the februari which is a drobo
either the 5d or the mini and we're
talking to seven hundred dollar prize
for photo of the month so I would get to
taking photos make sure you follow the
rules and then when it's time to vote
make sure you get your friends to vote
for you so that you can possibly be in
the running being that top five to win a
drobo so there you guys have it the new
theme is called love for februari you
will post in the forum all the
informations over at the page if you're
on YouTube the link below if you're on
the website you're on the page currently
and that is what we've got
congratulations to this month's winner
and by the way at the end I think we'll
do a year photo of a year winner where
will line up all 12 of the winners and
you guys get to pick the photo of the
year on froknowsphoto.com so there you
have it guys big
shoutout to drobo thank you don't forget
follow me for saturday i'm releasing the
new i shoot raw t-shirt there's gonna be
some new specials too i love this shirt
I think you guys are going to dig it so
let's get to shooting get those photos
in add them to the forum jared polin
froknowsphoto.com see ya thank you for
watching this video if you'd like to
subscribe to my youtube channel just
click the subscribe button right here
below the video as YouTube has made the
change and one more thing click on
subscription updates manage
subscriptions and if you would like to
get an email every time I upload a new
video click this box if you'd like to
see it in your feed on youtube click
that box and over on froknowsphoto.com
if you haven't signed up for the
froknowsphoto email list you can go
ahead and put your name in this box your
email in this box hit send it and I will
send you a free photo guide a guide to
capturing motion in low light situations
if you're new to photography or you're
somewhere in the intermediate range
looking to learn a little bit more about
your camera and how to get out of auto
don't forget about the froknowsphoto
beginner guide a guide to getting out of
auto it's at a special price right now
it's a three hour long video you can buy
it as an instant download or as a free
as a physical copy with free shipping
around the world so thank you guys very
much for watching